we're catching up with rich of I itrader
right after the jobs numbers here rich
good to have you back on kik oh well had
to be here thank you so much this
morning rich we had arguably the most
important economic data point of the
month come out rich the non-farm payroll
data analysts were expecting it to be
well over 200,000 what do you make of
the data that came out rich it was a
little shy of our expectations however
the revision kind of made up for the
differential I found a pretty
interesting on the number we saw the
10-year note yields drop a little bit so
there is a little bit of a safety
feature safe to trade happening
convexity the gold pop we got a trade
above 1300 and i think that the number
wasn't quite as good enough as the
market expected i still think there's
going to be some volatility in the
equities even though the markets up and
i think there's a little bit of a safety
play happening right now in gold and
what do you make of gold three action to
the data rich well listen was as
expected we put on our blog on Kip go
news earlier in the week to buy gold
coming into this number with a stop
below the hundred a moving average in
this case comes just below 1280 we were
looking for this type of reaction we
felt that the 10-year note yields and I
keep bringing that up because this is
important for bull traders to understand
the relationship there I had gotten over
heat in other words rates have gone up
into the number we're expecting a
pullback as the rains come down gold
goes up so we put a bet on right there
on the on the blog giving the entry
point and our target right here at 1300
it really gold was a little bit Oversoul
we hit a banner run this year from 1186
all the way to the top of 1392 and
change however it dropped too quickly it
was a little bit oversold right to the
hundred a moving average support came in
I think it's still a value by today's
closed air mount close above 13 we
continue higher rich last time we had
you on was during the Crimean referendum
and you had cautioned investors not to
get ahead of themselves with the higher
gold prices and in fact gold turned
lower afterwards you also
mentioned that you're putting your focus
on Treasury yield so how do you see
interest rates affecting gold in the
short term now rich well I think overall
i'm expecting interest rates to creep
higher through the remainder of the year
we're in a bit of a range here same
thing over in a bit of a range so you
have to take a look at the the yields on
the 10-year if you were to pull up a
five minute bar chart on the 10-year
note and the gold today you would see a
complete inverse relationship so the way
I'm gauging gold is I'm looking at the
rates I think ultimately they're going
to go higher however I think bold has
great support in 1180 and even 1270 the
108 moving average i'm currently long
looking for the market to go up as rates
pull back the equity market i think is
reaching an inflection point where we
probably pull back a little bit i think
gold has good shot here to continue its
iron momentum up because it was just
simply oversold finally to conclude
which some key levels you're eyeing for
gold and silver next week well if we if
we if we do drop off a little bit in
goal I'm a buyer and remain long the
gold about 1275 which is the technical
level of the hunting moving average my
upside targets this this week to come
will be 13 15 if we close above 1300 and
close about 13-15 we push another
fifteen dollars to around thirteen 3480
at that point it's kind of an inflection
point we'll have to see how with the
market rates from that point on as far
as silver is concerned a closed today
above 20 25 and the market takes off
another dollar up to 21 25 so I'm
staying long silver as long as we stay
about the yearly low of around 19 I
think this is a solid trait it's very
similar to the gold so look at your 108
moving average we closed about that
silver I think that gives you the green
light for another dollar to the upside
all right rich thanks so much for being
with us anytime thanks so much and
thanks for watching this edition of
Kitco news email us we want to hear from
you and use feedback akiko calm happy
weekend